[DOC] Update data dictionaries page w/ info about required attributes for columns (#39)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/dictionaries.md

    multiple subject ID columns for situations where a study is using more than
    one ID scheme.

!!! note

>     The `Identifies` annotation key is required for columns containing unique observation identifiers 

Reviewer: Like the note! But isn't the real reason we have `Identifies` for purely modeling and validation reasons? I.e. so we have a unique attribute for a column that is about Participants because if we didn't add the `"Identifies"`, every possible column would be valid as long as it has an `"IsAbout"` section?

```suggestion
    The `Identifies` annotation key is currently required to validate annotations for columns about unique 
    observation identifiers  (e.g., participant or session IDs). The `"Identifies"` key should only be used for these
    columns and its value should be an informative string value describing the type/level of observation 
    identified. This required key is currently only used for validation and its value will not be processed by
    Neurobagel.
```

The `IsAbout` relation uses a term from the Neurobagel namespace because
`"Diagnosis"` is a standardized term.

!!! note
    Columns with categorical values (e.g., study groups, diagnoses, sex)
    require a `Levels` key in their Neurobagel annotation. 

>     This constraint is in line with recommendations of the BIDS specification.

Reviewer: I know what you mean, but I find this sentence a bit confusing. Maybe
```suggestion
    The Neurobagel "Levels" key is modeled after the BIDS "Levels" key for human readable descriptions.
```
